Update http_client.rst (#14173)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_client.rst

        'body' => $formData->bodyToIterable(),
    ]);

> HttpClient will stream the upload of the body by default. This might not work with all

Reviewer: What about embedding this in the code block above like this?

```
// if the server is not compatible with streaming the request
// body (e.g. result in a 411 response status code), send
// the body as a string:
$client->request('POST', 'https://...', [
    'headers' => $formData->getPreparedHeaders()->toArray(),
    'body' => $formData->bodyToIterable(),
]);
```

Author: * I added more details of the error message on purpose, for search engines - cause that's how people will notice the problem in the first place.
* `bodyToString()` needs to be mentioned somewhere explicitly! Right now, it's not documented at all.

Sure I could integrate it into the code block, but I always find it odd if *one* line of code is preceded by *five* lines of comments... ;-)

> HttpClient will stream the upload of the body by default. This might not work with all
> servers, resulting in HTTP status code 411 ("Length Required") cause there is no
> ``Content-Length`` header. In this case, just turn the body into a string::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
HttpClient will stream the upload of the body by default. Some clients, e.g. curl, are not able to send a ``Content-Length`` header when you stream the upload. This can lead to servers rejecting the request with a HTTP status code 411 ("Length Required"). If you encounter this problem, you can turn the body into a string instead::
```

Author: > Some clients, e.g. curl, are not able to send a ``Content-Length`` header when you stream the upload.

I'm certainly no expert here! But as far I understand/guess it, you can never provide a `Content-Lengh` if you stream. And curl streams by default. Right?

Reviewer 2: As I understood it, in the linked issue, NativeClient has a way of calculating the header. So it is a matter of which implementation of HttpClient you use. I might be wrong, though.

Author: See https://github.com/symfony/symfony/issues/34951#issuecomment-567489789

> Because NativeHttpClient cannot stream the upload, it has to turn the body into a string before doing the request, thus it can compute the content-Length.

As I understand it, it's not about the client, but about the method: If you stream, you cannot have a `Content-Length`; if you upload as string, you can. @nicolas-grekas: What's right here?

Reviewer 3: Both curl and native clients send `Content-Length` when the body is a string.
Only curl knows how to stream uploads (native casts the stream to a string, which consumes memory for large streams).
So this is not implementation dependent: whether curl or native, if you must send `Content-Length`, you must cast to string before.

Reviewer 3: (or compute the `Content-Length` on your own of course)
